Let's find something to do then.
Where are you going?
Well,
go my own way.
I've been thinking about it
for a while now.
I want to get out there
and discover who I am.
You've always been
working by yourself.
I'm talking about my true self.
The one that doesn't need
to wait for the rain.
to rely on others.
The one
that actually listens to my heart.
What about me?
Am I there, among your heartbeat?
Of course, you are.
But
you know how much I love my job.
It's funny, actually.
If we look back,
after all this time,
it's always been about work
between us
to the point that I don't even know
if the reason I love you
is because
of work or not.
So what?
Does it even matter why you love me?
Whether it's because of work,
me being myself,
me being your prince,
or any other stupid reason.
But today, I've come to a decision.
No matter what's going to happen,
I will always love you.
But you're just going to
break up with me.
It's because I love you. That's why
I have to be honest to you.
I didn't want everything
to end up like this either.
But if I don't find out
the answer for myself,
how can our relationship
move forward?
I don't understand you at all, Rin.
I really don't.
I love you, Rin.
I love you. Do you hear me?
Isn't there any way
I can change your mind?
Tan,
I've thought carefully about this.
I don't want to listen
to you anymore.
Tan,
I don't know how long
it's going to take either.
It might be one year,
a decade,
or the rest of my life.
I don't know.
Tan, don't wait for me.
I'm sorry.
But I don't know
how to say it in a way that
will make you feel less sad.
Thank you
for coming into my life.
Shocking news from
the fashion world yesterday.
We have received a report
that Kan, the owner of Kritsana,
was taken into custody directly
after Bangkok Fashion Week.
He was also said to be involved in
a contract killing.
The police are currently
investigating the case.
There's also gossip about
what happened on stage.
Young celebrity, Tanthai,
kissed Rarin,
the owner of Rarin, on stage
in front of the audience.
Are those two together?
I'm sorry. Tanthai's not ready
to give an interview yet.
Please give them some privacy.
I'll call you once he's ready.
Thank you.
I think Tan and Rin will be alright.
We just have to give them time.
Even though they said
they didn't want to bother us,
I don't know how they're dealing
with such a big issue.
Hey.
Tan?
You just can't keep
lazing around like that.
You've skipped all the meals.
You look terrible.
Tan?
Just let me be.
You know you won't change Rin's mind
by doing this?
- Mind.
- Hmm?
Do you know about
the stage of acceptance?
What are you talking about?
Please leave me alone.
Alright.
But tomorrow you have to shoot a
commercial. And in the afternoon...
Okay, I'll leave you alone.
You can be alone.
Rin,
Rung's here.
- Thank you.
- Okay.
Hello, Rung.
I know about you and Tan.
I respect both of your decisions.
Thank you.
If there's something you want to say
to Tan, you can tell me.
I actually invited you over today
not to talk about Tan.
I want to talk about this place.
This place?
Rung, do you like it here?
Here?
It's nice. Why?
I'm about to embark on a journey.
What do you mean?
I don't understand.
I want to go out and find
the thing I'm still missing
and experience new things
for inspiration.
I want to follow
my own heart for once.
But I still don't know
how long it's going to take.
It could be months
or years.
I still can't say for sure.
And I want someone
I really trust
to look after this place.
I want you to become the CEO
and take over the brand for me.
What's going on? I don't understand.
Even though you've forgiven me
about the collection,
in reality,
I'm still partially responsible
for halting your dream.
Reality hasn't changed.
If I could do something to
make it up to you,
it's probably this.
I think "Thai Wear Thai" is the most
appropriate for our campaign.
I agree. It should be interesting.
Okay. Let's settled
on the title then.
We've covered everything for today.
We'll set up another meeting later.
Okay.
Thai Wear Thai?
Thai Wear Thai.
Why did you have a big meeting about
next year's campaign without me?
Is that even possible?
If there's nothing else,
I have to excuse myself.
How come there's nothing else?
Because of that stupid news,
are you going to just cut me off?
Aren't you still
under investigation?
It's over.
You know that I'm...
In your eyes, am I really that bad?
You're not going to
let me help anymore?
Can't you spare me anything?
I think you should go, Kan.
In this kind of situation,
I can't let you work with us.
Is this a punishment?
And what's wrong with you?
Why didn't you greet me
when I came in?
Don't you have any respect
for me anymore?
Goodbye, Kan.
Alright.
Alright!
Rin, everyone's waiting outside.
I need five minutes.
I'll be out soon.
Don't worry.
I've told everyone to wait.
Isn't attention to detail important?
Happy birthday,
silly girl.
You didn't tell me
there was a recording.
Uh...
I'm sorry.
I'm not very good at talking.
I don't know how I should
make a wish for you.
So I did a recording
with this plushy
so you can listen to it
when the weather is clear.
I know
that since we started hearing
each other's thoughts,
I didn't talk to you so nicely.
I'm always so self-centered.
I'm sorry.
Consider this plushy
a reminder of me.
When you need to hear my voice
but it's not raining,
just listen to this instead of me.
Because I don't know
when I'm going to feel
annoyed with you again.
And I don't know if we're going to
see each other again.
I just feel
like having you close to me,
I only cause you trouble.
So I decided to stay away from you.
If you miss me...
If you want to hear my voice,
you can always listen
to this recording.
Oh, I forgot.
For this year's birthday, I...
Happy birthday,
silly girl.
Uh...
I'm sorry.
I'm not very good at talking.
Please take good care of yourself.
Please look after Rung
and the studio for me.
Can I...
Can I hug you?
I want to hug you too.
We've worked together for so long.
Take good care of yourself.
Mmm!
Don't cry.
I don't want to leave here crying.
I can't help it.
Don't forget the souvenirs.
Jib.
Are you sure you don't need a lift?
I'm sure. It's okay.
I'm sorry I'm not able to stay
for your wedding.
- It's okay.
- It's fine.
Am I gloating?
I'm already happy
that you made us our outfits.
Anyway, you can call me any time
if you need anything.
Any time?
But not too often.
Just whenever you have a problem.
Mmm. Thank you
and sorry about everything.
Come on.
Don't say it as if we're not
going to see each other again.
Another thing,
will you...
be my friend forever?
Just friends.
Always.
It's nothing. We're friends.
- Okay.
- Just friends.
Good luck.
Thanks so much, Mind.
Look after yourself.
I have to go now.
Everyone, take care.
Okay. Thank you very much.
- You take care too.
- Good luck, Rin.
Your destination is Chiang Mai.
It's Gate 76.
The boarding call is at 10:30 a.m.
Thank you for using Nok Air.
Tan, Rung is...
Tan is...
I'm going to wait for you.
No matter how long
it's going to take,
I'm going to wait.
I left something with Rung.
Don't forget to ask her about it.
Will you miss me when it rains?
Of course I will.
I'm going to miss you
whether it's rainy,
sunny,
when the snow melts,
or when the flowers bloom.
You're so cheesy.
And do you love me?
Of course I do.
Forever.
Do you hear me?
(The only one outfit in the world
that I promised)
(I will miss you
and your voice forever)
(From Rarin)
I know.
There's a fitting today, right?
I'll meet you at the same place.
I won't be late, Mind.
I'm not my old self anymore.
Okay, I'll see you later.
(Two years later)
You're here, Tanthai.
Hello, Da.
Please come inside.
Let's continue.
All done.
Oh.
How is it, Tan? Does this look okay?
It does.
Now that you're a director,
you have to comment more than that!
Alright. I'll give you
another chance.
What do you think?
Is it really okay?
It's really okay.
But if you want me to say more,
then thank you
for accepting the female lead role
in my first movie.
It's okay.
Thank you as well
for choosing me to be in it,
Mr. Director.
Now that I'm in this position
I understand the way our former
directors' used to feel.
You deserve it.
Prim.
Come on, I was only joking.
Hello, Mr. Tan.
Hello.
I can call you Mr. Tan, right?
You can't.
Tan.
- You're being cheeky.
- Does it fit you properly, Ken?
- Rung.
- Tan.
This is Ken, my new muse.
Oh.
How was it? Does it fit?
It's fine.
I feel very handsome wearing it.
You really are something.
It's good you feel handsome.
Let's talk about the opening
of the new collection next week.
- That's all for today.
- Okay.
Keep going.
Stay with her longer than I did.
Of course.
Where did you find him?
- You've got chemistry.
- Good, isn't it?
Do you want some?
Ken is quite the charmer.
I can't beat him.
You can't beat him?
My brother is the best muse
for Rarin.
You're flattering me.
Other people might hear
and complain.
I was being sarcastic.
Oh.
Do you care about your image now?
You're getting scarier by the day.
I'm already scary.
- Rung.
- Hmm?
Thank you for everything
you've done for Rin.
I actually have to thank her.
Anyway, have you heard
any news about...
Tan,
you promised me you're going to
walk the runway for me
during the fashion show next week.
Don't you dare forget that!
But I haven't done that
in a while now.
I don't know if I can handle it.
Don't worry.
I'll give you an intensive class.
Say hello.
How are you?
Don't touch. You're full of germs.
How possessive.
Even though I'm looking after Prim
now, I'm still your manager.
I won't let you embarrass me.
That's right. Listen to my wife.
And you should take care of your kid
at home and not come here.
My hands might not be free,
but my legs are.
Stop! Stop!
Just take care of the kid.
We've talked about this.
Okay. Don't cry.
Tan, you're going to Phuket, right?
Mmm. I'll be back in a few days.
Check the forecast too.
There might be a storm.
I'm afraid it will be raining.
You know
I like rain.
What are you smiling about?
Rung, should we talk
about Tan's work?
That's true. Let's talk over there.
You might catch a cold if it rains.
No touching!
- Should I help you?
- Leave me alone!
No need for revision
on Tanthai's part.
I'm trying to tweak this...
We're here!
Let's go.
That took ages!
Let's get out.
Time waits for no one. Hurry.
Whoa.
- Aek.
- Yes?
Can I just check out the beach or
do I need to talk to someone first?
You can. But for the fishermen...
Okay. Let's go.
How many places
are we going to look at today?
- Three.
- Three?
Two of those beaches over there
and one more at that end.
Let's head over there first.
We'll talk later.
- Hello.
What is this for?
Fishing.
Oh, fishing.
Should we use it as a prop?
Sure.
Can you discuss this with him?
We'll use it as a prop.
Please help.
- Let's check out the beach.
- Okay.
That's not it.
It might be difficult to film.
We might have to shoot on a boat
in the morning.
On a boat?
That sounds good.
- The angle on the right.
- Over there?
So the hotels won't be in the frame.
But the sun doesn't
rise in this direction.
Should we shoot Scene 8 here?
- This side?
- Should we let them talk here?
Okay.
He's going to drive
the boat for us, right?
Of course.
- Hello, Mister.
- Hello.
I'm looking for a local actor
to be in my movie.
Do you know anyone?
Do you want someone beautiful?
Anyone is fine.
Who's the male lead?
It's me.
You're handsome. I thought you were
going to let me take the role.
I was kidding.
Can I put you in the scene as well?
Sure. But I can't act.
- You can't?
- No.
- I'm embarrassed.
- Embarrassed?
- That's right.
- Of whom?
- The female lead.
- Do you know who she is?
I saw her on TV.
Just a second.
- Tan.
- Yes?
- Should we determine the blocking?
- Sure.
Your clothes are beautiful.
Who made it?
That lady made them for us.
Tan, a moment.
Can I discuss Scene 15 and 16?
Can I combine them?
I think we should.
- Sounds good.
- Good?
- Sure.
- Scene 15 and 16.
Fifteen. The female lead enters.
Rob!
Let's go, everyone. We'll finish
the blocking inside, Tan.
Come on.
With Scene 15...
Oh?
Tan, come on!
We might be late!
Let's finish the blocking.
Ah, it's raining!
Let's wait it out.
I'll book the rooms.
- Hello.
- Hello, I'd like to book a room.
Please come this way.
Here they are.
Let's go up to our rooms.
You're staying with Pao.
Tan, you're alone.
Thank you.
Rob, you're staying with me.
Let's go up first.
And we have a meeting at 5 p.m.
As for you, Tanthai,
I...
We'll talk later.
Do you need any help, sir?
When was this painted?
Around last year.
Is everything okay?
Yes.
No matter how long
it's going to take,
I'm going to wait for you.
See? Like that.
You say it like that because you're
sure she's going to come back.
Give it a try.
But
if the female lead
really wants to go,
shouldn't he try to hold her back
or say something?
Hold her back?
Prim, I'm being serious.
Sorry.
I just had a flashback.
Anyway, let's try this. Okay?
Alright. But I don't know
if it's going to work.
Just give it a go, okay?
- You're ready, Pai?
- Okay.
Let's do another take, everyone.
Wardrobe department,
can you check the actor's outfit?
It's lopsided.
The female lead too.
Just do it in one go.
Alright.
Is the camera ready?
Okay. Hurry up, everyone.
What's the matter?
Nothing.
Smooth out the collar on his shirt.
Sorry.
Stop! Don't sprinkle that now!
We're not filming.
- Sorry.
- Do it after the signal.
You're way too diligent.
Come on, everyone.
Hurry up. Come on.
Don't let anyone
who's not involved on set.
Cameraperson, ready?
Actors, are you ready?
- Yes.
- Okay. Let's go.
- Camera!
- Up!
Voice in the Rain.
Scene 21. Cut 1. Take 1.
And action!
No matter how long
it's going to take,
I'm going to wait.
I'm still waiting for you.
I'm waiting for the day
you're ready to return.
No matter how long
it's going to take,
I'm going to wait.
Even though people
are rushing forward
with their lives,
including you,
who's also in a rush
to find your dream like
everyone else,
I'm still the same.
I'm still the old me
who will always wait for you.
I've really missed your voice.
Hello,
Tanthai.
Hello, Rarin.
Rin,
I have so many things to tell you.
I do too. You don't know
what I've been through.
- But I want to tell you...
- Rin,
marry...